Lucene Build Instructions

$Id$

Basic steps:
  0) Install JDK 1.3, Ant 1.4, and the Ant 1.4 optional.jar.
  1) Download Lucene from Apache and unpack it.
  2) Connect to the top-level of your Lucene installation.
  3) Run ant.

Step 0) Set up your development environment (JDK 1.3, Ant 1.4)

We'll assume that you know how to get and set up the JDK - if you
don't, then we suggest starting at http://java.sun.com and learning
more about Java, before returning to this README.

Lucene runs with JDK 1.1 and later.  However, if you're going to work
with the development version of Lucene, we recommend you stick with
the most current version of Java (at the time of this writing, JDK
1.3).  Also, note that if you're working with the Lucene source,
you'll need to use Ant (see below) and Ant requires at least JDK 1.1
(and in the future will likely move to requiring JDK 1.2, according to
the Ant install docs).

Like most of the Jakarta projects, Lucene uses Apache Ant for build
control.  Specifically, you MUST use Ant version 1.4 or greater.

Ant is "kind of like make without make's wrinkles".  Ant is
implemented in java and uses XML-based configuration files.  You can
get it at:

  http://jakarta.apache.org/ant/index.html

Specifically, you can get the binary distributions at:

  http://jakarta.apache.org/builds/jakarta-ant/release/

You'll need to download both the Ant binary distribution and the
"optional" jar file.  Install these according to the instructions at:

  http://jakarta.apache.org/ant/manual/index.html

Step 1) Download lucene from Apache

We'll assume you already did this, or you wouldn't be reading this
file.  However, you might have received this file by some alternate
route, or you might have an incomplete copy of the Lucene, so: Lucene
releases are available for download at:

  http://jakarta.apache.org/builds/jakarta-lucene/release/

Download either a zip or a tarred/gzipped version of the archive, and
uncompress it into a directory of your choice.

Step 2) Connect to the top-level of your Lucene installation

Lucene's top-level directory contains the build.properties and
build.xml files.  You don't need to change any of the settings in
these files, but you do need to run ant from this location so it knows
where to find them.

Step 3) Run ant.

Assuming you have ant in your PATH and have set ANT_HOME to the
location of your ant installation, typing "ant" at the shell prompt
and command prompt should run ant.  Ant will by default look for the
"build.xml" file in your current directory, and compile Lucene.

For further information on Lucene, go to:
  http://jakarta.apache.org/lucene

Please join the Lucene-User mailing list by sending a message to:
  lucene-user-subscribe@jakarta.apache.org

Please post suggestions, questions, corrections or additions to this
document to the lucene-user mailing list.

This file was originally written by Steven J. Owens <puff@darksleep.com>.

Copyright (c) 2001 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights reserved.
